(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
I'm Peppa Pig! (SNORTS)
-This is my little
brother, George.
-(SNORTS)
-This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
-(SNORTS)
-(ALL LAUGHING)
Peppa Pig! (SNORTS)
(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR: Peppa is feeding
Goldie the fish.
Dinnertime, Goldie!
Oh. Goldie isn't eating.
MUMMY PIG: She looks a bit sad.
I think she's lonely.
She hasn't got any fish friends.
Maybe Goldie
could visit the aquarium.
What's the aquari-arium?
The aquarium is a place
where there are lots of fish.
Shall we go
to the aquarium, Goldie?
-(BUBBLING)
-(GIGGLES)
That means... Yes.
NARRATOR: The family
have brought Goldie the fish
to the aquarium.
I hope we can
find Goldie a friend.
I'm sure we will, Peppa.
The aquarium has
every type of fish.
-Hello, Miss Rabbit.
-Hello. How many tickets,
please?
Two grown-ups and two children.
(DINGING)
And one fish, please.
The fish goes free.
Does the aquarium
have every type of fish?
Oh, yes. Probably.
Good. We're looking
for a friend for Goldie.
Well, I hope you find one.
Enjoy the aquarium.
ALL: Thank you.
NARRATOR: The first room has
a tank full of little fish.
Fishes!
PEPPA: Wow! There are millions
of teeny fish!
♪ Fishy-fishy fish, fish ♪
♪ Swimming in the sea ♪
♪ Who will be a fishy friend
for my fish Goldie? ♪
(ALL LAUGHING)
Ho, ho, ho.
Could any of these
be Goldie's friend?
Hmm... No. They are too small.
Let's see what fish
are in the next room.
OK.
NARRATOR: Here is Candy Cat
and her family.
-Hello, Candy.
-Hello, Peppa. Miaow.
What are you doing here?
We come here all the time.
It's better than watching TV.
We like fish.
(ALL LAUGHING)
We've come to find
a friend for Goldie the fish.
-ALL: Oh!
-What's in this tank?
I can't see anything.
Oh, Daddy Pig, there's a fish
right in front of you.
Where?
Ooh!
NARRATOR: It is a very big fish.
ALL: Wow! (LAUGHING)
Do you think this fish
could be a friend for Goldie?
No. It is too big.
Never mind.
Let's go to the next room.
What's in this tank?
Dinosaur! Rrrr!
NARRATOR: George thinks
he has seen a dinosaur.
It's not a dinosaur, George.
It's a funny kind of fish
called a sea horse.
You know lots about fish.
Yes. I like fish.
(LAUGHS)
Can the sea horse
be Goldie's friend?
Er, no. It's too dinosaur-y.
One more room to go.
Oh, what's in this tank?
Nothing. It's just green slime.
-Eurgh.
-That green slime is algae.
There must be
some sort of fish in...
Whoa!
There's a fish
with big, long ears.
It's a rabbit fish.
NARRATOR: It is Miss Rabbit,
wearing a diving costume.
-ALL: Ooh!
-She is cleaning the fish tank.
(GURGLING)
Miss Rabbit is saying hello.
It is difficult
to talk underwater.
-(GURGLES)
-(GIGGLES)
Hello, Miss Rabbit!
That was the last fish tank.
Oh. We haven't found
a friend for Goldie.
What's in the next room?
NARRATOR: This is
the aquarium cafe.
Oh, goodie. My favorite room.
Hello, Peppa. Did you find
a friend for Goldie?
No. Oh! Who's that?
That's just Ginger,
my pet goldfish.
He loves the aquarium.
DADDY PIG: Ho, ho! It looks like
Goldie's found a friend,
after all!
Goldie isn't lonely anymore!
ALL: Hurray!
And Goldie can visit Ginger
any time she wants.
(ALL LAUGHING)
(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR: It is a lovely,
sunny day at Granny
and Grandpa Pig's house.
Peppa, George,
Daddy and Grandpa
are inside,
watching racing cars
on television.
ALL: Yeee-ow!
Come on, car number two!
ANNOUNCER: It's neck and neck,
coming up to the finish.
-ALL: Yee-ow!
-What a lot of noise!
ANNOUNCER:
This is so exciting!
Car number two is about...
-(GASPS)
-That's better.
The race was almost finished.
(SNORTS) Switch it back on.
Wow! That was
an exciting end to the race.
I'm so glad I didn't
miss the finish.
See? It's finished.
It's such a lovely day.
You should all go outside
and play.
Yes, Granny Pig.
(PEPPA AND GEORGE SIGH)
So, what are we going to play?
-Brrrm!
-George wants to play
racing cars.
I know. Let's build George
a racing car.
(CHUCKLES) Can you really make
a racing car, Daddy?
No, but Grandpa Pig can.
What? Oh, OK.
I'll make a racing car
for George.
NARRATOR: This is
Grandpa Pig's shed,
where he makes things.
What have we got here?
Ah, an old pram.
-No.
-George isn't a baby, Grandpa.
We only need
the pram's wheels, Peppa.
BOTH: Ooh.
(WHIRRING)
This bit can be the bonnet.
And this can be the seat.
-What's your
favorite number, George?
-(SNORTS)
NARRATOR: George's favorite
number is two.
Oh! This racing car will be
super-fast.
-Hooray!
-Don't make it go too fast,
Grandpa. (SNORTS)
George is only little.
Don't worry, Peppa.
This will be a pedal car,
not a motor car.
Ah.
Next, we need a steering wheel.
Last of all, you need
racing goggles and a hat.
(CHUCKLES)
-It's George's racing car!
-(SNORTS)
(CHUCKLES)
NARRATOR: Here are Danny Dog,
Zoe Zebra and Pedro Pony.
Hello, everyone.
Look at George's racing car.
Brrrm!
Wow! I'll race you.
-And me.
(SNORTS) I want to race, too.
Where's your racing car, Peppa?
I don't have a racing car.
Don't worry, Peppa.
You can be the Chief Mechanic.
-What does that do?
-You fix George's car,
if it goes wrong.
Oh, goody. (SNORTS)
I hope it goes wrong a lot.
(CHUCKLES)
Let's start the race.
Three times round the garden.
Ready, steady, go!
NARRATOR: And they're off.
ALL: Come on, George!
NARRATOR: That's the end
of lap one,
and George is in the lead.
What's all this noise out here?
I'm trying to watch television.
We're having a race, Granny.
(KIDS IMITATING VEHICLE SOUNDS)
NARRATOR: That's the end
of lap two, and
George is still in the lead.
(CHUCKLES)
Oh, dear.
A wheel has come off
George's car.
Where's the Chief Mechanic?
-Here I am.
-What do we do?
Put the wheel back on.
BOTH: OK, Chief Mechanic.
-(WHIRRING)
-KIDS: Yee-ow!
Go, George! Go!
NARRATOR: Oh, dear.
George is now at the back
of the race.
Pedal faster, George!
(MAKES SPUTTERING NOISES)
ALL: Come on, George!
Brrrm!
Come on, George!
Yee-ow!
George is the winner! Hooray!
Well done, George!
You're the best racing driver
in the whole world.
(LAUGHS AND SNORTS)
And you've got
the best Chief Mechanic
in the whole world, too.
-Yes. That's me!
-(ALL LAUGHING)
(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR: Peppa and her family
are going on a picnic.
-I love picnics.
-Me, too.
The picnic spot is on
the other side
of the river.
- Oh, how do we get over there?
- We take a little boat.
You call it
by ringing this bell.
Hello, there!
NARRATOR: It is Grampy Rabbit
in his rowing boat.
Would you like
to cross the river?
-Yes, please!
-(GIGGLES)
Oh, stop, Daddy Pig,
there's no more room.
-Oh!
-Bye-bye, Daddy.
Don't worry, I'll come
straight back for you.
Bye!
♪ Row, row, row your boat ♪
♪ Gently down the stream ♪
Both: ♪ If you see a crocodile ♪
♪ Don't forget to scream ♪
-Aargh!
-(LAUGHTER)
- Picnic spot, everybody off.
ALL: Thank you, Grampy Rabbit.
NARRATOR: Daddy Pig
is still waiting to get
across the river.
-Hello, Mr. Pig.
-Here are the Wolf family.
-What are you doing here?
-We're having a picnic.
-Would you like to join us?
-Yes, please, Mr. Pig.
Ah-hah, more passengers.
-Women and children first.
-(LAUGHS)
-Stop, the boat is full.
-BOTH: Oh. Oh.
-I'll be straight back
for you two.
-Bye-bye!
♪ Row, row, row your boat ♪
♪ Gently down the creek ♪
♪ If you see a big, bad wolf ♪
♪ Don't forget to shriek ♪
-(SHRIEKS)
-(LAUGHTER)
-Hello, Peppa.
-Hello, Wendy. (SNORTS)
-We're joining your picnic.
-Oh, goody.
-But where's Daddy Pig?
-I left him, with Mr. Wolf.
-I'm getting a bit hungry.
-Don't worry,
we've got the picnic.
All aboard!
-Stop, Mr. Wolf. There's not
enough room for you.
-Oh, dear!
I've got an idea.
You wait here, Grampy Rabbit,
-and we'll go over.
-All right, I could do
with a rest.
NARRATOR: Mr. Wolf
and Mr. Pig are crossing
the river together.
I'm really hungry now.
Hooray, we're here!
-Hello, Daddy.
Where's the picnic?
-Oh.
NARRATOR: Grampy Rabbit is
waiting with the picnic.
-I forgot the picnic.
-(LAUGHS)
-You can't have a picnic
without a picnic.
-Oh, no, you're right there.
Uh, what about me,
Grampy Rabbit?
No room, Daddy Pig,
I'll come back for you.
-(SIGHS)
-(QUACKING)
NARRATOR: It is Mrs. Duck
and her friends.
Hello, Mrs. Duck.
If you've come for the picnic,
you'll have to wait for
the little boat, like me.
Or you could just swim across,
like you're doing.
(HUMS) Here's the picnic hamper,
everybody.
OTHERS: Hooray!
-(QUACKING)
-And here are the ducks.
The ducks always turn up
when we have picnics.
(LAUGHTER)
Would you like some cheese,
Grampy Rabbit?
Well, I should really
be getting back.
-Oh, I do love a bit of cheese.
-(LAUGHTER)
-I love jelly.
-I love sandwiches.
-Strawberry!
-(LAUGHTER)
They've forgotten me.
-Here's some cake for you,
Mrs. Duck.
-(QUACKING)
I-s cake your favorite?
It's Daddy's favorite, too.
-(BELL DINGING)
Oh, where is Daddy?
-We forgot Daddy!
-(BELL CONTINUES DINGING)
-Ahoy there! I've come
to take you to the picnic.
-Hooray!
OTHERS: Daddy Pig!
Oh, we forgot you.
But I saved you some jelly.
I saved you a sandwich.
-And George saved you
a strawberry.
-(GIGGLES)
How nice of you all.
Is there any cake?
No, we gave it to the ducks.
-But look, Mrs. Duck has
saved you a worm.
-(QUACKS)
Oh-ho! Thank you, Mrs. Duck.
(LAUGHTER)
(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR:
Peppa and her friends
are playing in the sandpit.
-This sandpit is
our desert island.
-(SNORTS)
We will live here forever.
Baa! If we're going to live here
forever, I want it to be nice.
It just needs some houses.
-And roads.
-And shops.
Dinosaur.
BOTH: Grrr!
Yes, George. (SNORTS)
The desert island can have
dinosaurs, too.
-What are you doing?
-We're making a desert island.
It's got houses
and roads and shops.
Has it got trees?
-No.
-It would be nicer
if it had trees.
Where are we going
to get trees from?
We have to drive
big trucks around the world
and look for trees.
Dinosaurs, you look
after the island
while we go
and look for some trees.
Brrrrm! Brrrrm!
NARRATOR: Peppa, Suzy,
Danny and Emily
are pretending to drive around
the world looking for trees.
Hello, Mummy Rabbit.
Have you got any spare trees?
-Uh...
-We need trees
for our desert island.
Oh, I see! How many trees
would you like?
Enough to make a forest.
-There you go.
-ALL: Thank you!
Brrrm! Brrrm!
NARRATOR: The dinosaurs
are having fun
jumping up and down
on the desert island.
The dinosaurs have
broken everything!
Naughty dinosaurs!
Now we'll have to
make it all again.
Meow! What are you making?
This is our desert island.
-With roads and houses.
-And shops.
And trees.
There. We will live
here forever. Again!
It would be really good
if we had a lake.
Yes! A lake!
Woof! Woof! One lake!
But it needs water
to be a proper lake.
Oh. Where are we going
to get water from?
We must fly around the world
in airplanes.
NARRATOR: Peppa and her
friends are pretending to fly
around the world,
-looking for water.
-(ALL MIMICKING
AEROPLANE SOUNDS)
Pedro Pony is playing
on the roundabout.
-Hello, everyone.
-Hello, Pedro.
We've got a desert island.
-With houses.
-And roads.
-Shops.
-Trees.
-And a lake.
-But we need water
for the lake.
Have you got some, please?
I don't know what
you're talking about.
It's just pretend.
We're playing a game.
Oh, I see!
-You want pretend water.
-Yes.
Hmm, I know where
there's pretend snow.
-We can melt it
to get pretend water.
-Where?
- On the mountain top.
- That's a slide.
It's a pretend mountain.
(LAUGHTER)
-Oh.
-What's the matter, Pedro?
Because it is a hot day,
the snow has melted.
Can't we pretend
it hasn't melted?
No. It's melted good and proper.
-ALL: Oh.
-But look, over there.
Real water.
NARRATOR: Daddy Pig
is drinking from
the water fountain.
-ALL: Water!
-(LAUGHTER)
Daddy, can we have some water
in our bucket, please?
-We're making a lake.
-Ho-ho! Of course.
-(LAUGHTER)
-We've got water.
-Nice water.
-(HORN HONKING)
NARRATOR: It is Freddy Fox.
Hello, everyone. What's this?
It's a desert island.
We are going
to live here forever.
If only it had a flag.
I've got a flag in my van
if you'd like it.
NARRATOR: Mr. Fox has got
everything in his van.
Uh, we only need
a pretend one, Mr. Fox.
OK, how about these?
(SNORTS) Thank you, Mr. Fox.
(LAUGHTER)
Now our desert island
is perfect.
We will live here forever.
Again!
-(SNORTS)
-(LAUGHTER)
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ Peppa Pig ♪
(SNORTING AND GIGGLING)
(SNORTING AND LAUGHING)